Secretary Sū
Why are you here?
How’s the chairman been lately?
You dare disrespect the chairman’s beloved
I think you’re
Tired of living, right?
Which chairman?
Of course
The chairman of Dì Háo Group
Miss Qín
I was blind and didn’t see Mount Tai
Please, spare me
Just now, someone said
They wanted to strip me naked
And throw me out
And blacklist me from the industry
Wretched woman
You’ve ruined me
President Sū, you must be mistaken
She’s just a
Lowly girl from a common family
How could she
Be the chairman’s beloved
Of Dì Háo Group?
You mustn’t
Let her deceive you
Want to discuss cooperation?
You should still come to our Fù Shì
Your Fù Shì
Is nothing
A nouveau riche company